gh-140065: Lexical analysis: Correct note about leading zeros in floating point numbers (#140066)
python/cpython: Doc/reference/lexical_analysis.rst

   2.71828
   4.0

Unlike in integer literals, leading zeros are allowed in the integer part,

> and trailing zeros are allowed in the fraction part.

Reviewer: Trailing zeros *are* allowed in integer literals, so I wouldn't put them in the sentence that starts with “unlike”. Perhaps this could be:

> Unlike in integer literals, leading zeros are allowed in the integer part.
> Trailing zeros are allowed in the fraction part.

But I think we can shorten this:

```suggestion
Unlike in integer literals, leading zeros are allowed.
```

Readers that need to *fully understand* the exact nuances are better off skipping to the formal grammar.
